sampleREADME/sampleREADME.md, before:


# Sample README

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-success.svg)

Effectively reel in potential employers with what excites you about your project!

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Contact Me](#questions)
- [License](#license)

## Description

Explain the 'what', 'why', and 'how' of your project with a more detailed description.
Use the following questions as a guide: What was your motivation? Why did you build this project?
What problem does it solve? What did you learn? What makes your project stand out?

## Installation

Tell the user each step they need to execute in order to install and use your project.
Do they need to go to the deployed site or clone the repository? Do they need to install dependencies?
What commands do they need to run in order to do so? What folder should they be in when they run these commands?

## Usage

Tell the user each step they need to execute in order to use your project?
What will be the result of then using the project? What do they do with the result?

## Tests

Explain which folder the user needs to be in and what commands to run for testing.

## Contribute

How would you like others to be able to contribute to your project, if at all?
Should they contact your or submit a pull request?

## Questions?

Please feel free to contact me with any questions via email or LinkedIn.

- Github: [NAHco-code](https://github.com/NAHco-code)
- LinkedIn: [Kathryn Wilkinson](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwilkinsonxx/)
- Email: [kathrynxwilk@gmail.com](mailto:kathrynxwilk@gmail.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
  For more information, please visit: [MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

&copy; 2021 Kathryn Wilkinson

Commit message:

Update to include Technologies section

sampleREADME/sampleREADME.md, after:


# Sample README

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-success.svg)

Effectively reel in potential employers with what excites you about your project!

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Contact Me](#questions)
- [License](#license)

## Description

Explain the 'what', 'why', and 'how' of your project with a more detailed description.
Use the following questions as a guide: What was your motivation? Why did you build this project?
What problem does it solve? What did you learn? What makes your project stand out?

## Technologies

List the languages and other technologies used such as CSS or JavaScript frameworks, APIs, etc.

Example:
```

```

## Installation

Tell the user each step they need to execute in order to install and use your project.
Do they need to go to the deployed site or clone the repository? Do they need to install dependencies?
What commands do they need to run in order to do so? What folder should they be in when they run these commands?

## Usage

Tell the user each step they need to execute in order to use your project?
What will be the result of then using the project? What do they do with the result?

## Tests

Explain which folder the user needs to be in and what commands to run for testing. Leave this section out if you don't have any tests written for this project.

## Contributing

Who contributed to this project? What was their role/how did they contribute?

How would you like others to be able to contribute to your project, if at all? Should they contact your or submit a pull request?

## Questions?

Get in contact with me via email or LinkedIn.

- Github: [kathrynwilkinson](https://github.com/kathrynwilkinson)
- LinkedIn: [Kathryn Wilkinson](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwilkinsonxx/)
- Email: [kathrynxwilk@gmail.com](mailto:kathrynxwilk@gmail.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
  For more information, please visit: [MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

&copy; 2021 k.wilkinson
